Update CHANGELOG.md for 1.16.0 release (#106)
IgniteUI/igniteui-dockmanager: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes for each version of this project will be documented in this file.

## 1.16.0

### New features

> - Introduced a new docking behavior called `splitterDock`. It allows docking directly in a split pane by dragging a pane over one of its splitters. It can be switched on via the new `allowSplitterDock` property off the `IgcDockManagerComponent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a new docking behavior that allows docking directly in a split pane by dragging a pane over one of its splitters. It can be switched on via the new `allowSplitterDock` property of the `IgcDockManagerComponent`.
```
